# FROGGER 

A game whose goal is to traverse the road as a frog without getting hit by the cars.

## User Stories

- ✅ As a user, when the page loads I select a frog avatar and difficulty level

- As a user, when I submit my selections, the game screen loads

- As a user, I am alerted with instructions when the game screen loads

- As a user, I can hit the space bar to start / pause the game

- As a user, I move the frog using the up, down, left, and right arrow keys

- As a user, I see cars randomly generated on the road from both directions at speeds based on difficulty level selected

### Stretch Stories

- As a user, once I cross the road I also have to cross the river

- As a user, I see a timer that counts down. If I don't cross by the time the timer ends, I lose

- As a user, I see my score


## Models

### Frog 
Single instance in the program. Navigate using arrow keys to try to cross the road without getting hit by cars. Starts with 3 lives, if frog's location === car's location, the frog loses a life
#### Atrributes
    - lives
    - color/avatar
    - location (x, y)

### Car
Created randomly to drive down the road and move at interval specified by speed.
#### Atrributes
    - speed
    - location (x, y)
    
### Road 
- HAS MANY CARS
- HAS ONE FROG

#### Atrributes 
    
    



*1. Must be a HTML/CSS/JS frontend with a Rails API backend. These should live in two separate repositories. All interactions between the client and the server should be handled asynchronously (AJAX).*

--> Ok, cool

*2. Must render out a resource with at least one has-many relationship (that's two resources total) in the JSON.For example, if we were building Instagram, we might display a list of photos with associated comments. Both resources should be editable.*

--> The road has many cars?

*3. Must use your Rails API and a form generated by the client to create a resource and render the response without a page refresh. For example, if you create a new Photo post, and form data would be serialized, and submitted via an AJAX POST request, with the response being the new object in JSON and then appending that new photo to the DOM using JavaScript (ES6 Template Literals, can help out a lot with this).*

--> The user will have to select frog avatar and difficulty level, which will set attributes of the Frog and the card's speed